Stop explicitly listing wheel as a build dependency (#12728)
pypa/pip: news/12728.feature.rst

``wheel`` is no longer explicitly listed as a build depepndency of ``pip``.
``setuptools`` already injects this dependency in the ``get_requires_for_build_wheel()`` hook.
This makes no difference for users of ``pip``.
This makes no difference when building wheels of ``pip``.

> This avoids an unnecessary dependency on ``wheel`` wehn bulding the source distribution of ``pip``.

Reviewer: This is what fails in pre-commit:
```suggestion
This avoids an unnecessary dependency on ``wheel`` when building the source distribution of ``pip``.
```

FYI `wheel` has moved into `setuptools` last week during the PyCon US Sprints.

Author: Thanks

> This avoids an unnecessary dependency on ``wheel`` when building the source distribution of ``pip``.

Reviewer 2: Since this is not a user facing feature, I'd rename this news/12728.process.rst which is the best category we have now for this kind of change to the build process

Reviewer: One could argue that it's a bugfix. But a "process"? This is a rather weird workaround.
